- In `Token`, when a founder has `wallet` set to `address(0)`, he will not receive any tokens (which is good), but he is still included in all of the calculations such as `numFounders` or `totalOwnership`, meaning that they will be wrong in such situations.
- In `Token`, `totalFounderOwnership()` does not incorparate the vesting period. It is just the total percent ownership that the founders received at one point in time, but this metric is pretty useless without incorporating the timespan (as 100% for 1 week is very different to 10% for 10 years).
- In `MetadataRenderer._getItemImage`, a dot is missing between the item name and extension (https://github.com/code-423n4/2022-09-nouns-builder/blob/debe9b792cc70510eadf9b3728cde5b0f2ec9a1f/src/token/metadata/MetadataRenderer.sol#L259).
- `MetadataRenderer.addProperties` seems to be very error-prone to me. When an item is added for a new property, `isNewProperty` needs to be set and you need to keep in mind that the property ID refers to the ID of the newly added property, not the global ID that the property will get.
- In `Auction._handleOutgoingTransfer`, it is not checked if the WETH transfer succeeds (when WETH is used). The commonly used WETH implementation will revert on failure, but this is no requirement of EIP-20, so using another WETH implementation could lead to a problem there.
- `Treasury.isExpired` returns true for non-existing proposals, which could lead to wrong states for third-party applications that use this function. Consider reverting for non-existing proposals.
- If the `Governor` contract would ever contain ETH (e.g, after a `selfdestruct` of some other contract), it could not be retrieved, as the `execute` function can only forward the received ETH, but not use its own.
- Even after a vetoer is burned, the owner can still update it. This can reduce the confidence in the system, as the owner always has complete veto control. Consider making the burning operation final.
- `Auction` can only be paused / unpaused after a vote with the corresponding delays. This can be too slow in certain scenarios (e.g., emergency response after a security incident). Consider introducing an optional emergency pause feature (e.g., by the founder).
- It is still possible to bid when an Auction is paused. This can have negative consequences, for instance when the bidding process contains a security vulnerability and the system is temporarily paused for mitigation.